CVE	Published	Last Update	Max CVSS Base Score	EPSS Score	CISA KEV Added	Public Exploit Exists	Summary
CVE-2023-49105	2023-11-21	2023-11-22	9.8	0.04%			An issue was discovered in ownCloud owncloud/core before 10.13.1. An attacker can access, modify, or delete any file without authentication if the username of a victim is known, and the victim has no signing-key configured. This occurs because pre-signed URLs can be accepted even when no signing-key is configured for the owner of the files. The earliest affected version is 10.6.0.
CVE-2023-49103	2023-11-21	2023-11-22	10.0	0.92%			An issue was discovered in ownCloud owncloud/graphapi 0.2.x before 0.2.1 and 0.3.x before 0.3.1. The graphapi app relies on a third-party GetPhpInfo.php library that provides a URL. When this URL is accessed, it reveals the configuration details of the PHP environment (phpinfo). This information includes all the environment variables of the webserver. In containerized deployments, these environment variables may include sensitive data such as the ownCloud admin password, mail server credentials, and license key. Simply disabling the graphapi app does not eliminate the vulnerability. Additionally, phpinfo exposes various other potentially sensitive configuration details that could be exploited by an attacker to gather information about the system. Therefore, even if ownCloud is not running in a containerized environment, this vulnerability should still be a cause for concern. Note that Docker containers from before February 2023 are not vulnerable to the credential disclosure.
CVE-2023-48659	2023-11-17	2023-11-22	9.8	0.09%			An issue was discovered in MISP before 2.4.176. app/Controller/AppController.php mishandles parameter parsing.
CVE-2023-48658	2023-11-17	2023-11-22	9.8	0.08%			An issue was discovered in MISP before 2.4.176. app/Model/AppModel.php lacks a checkParam function for alphanumerics, underscore, dash, period, and space.
CVE-2023-48657	2023-11-17	2023-11-22	9.8	0.08%			An issue was discovered in MISP before 2.4.176. app/Model/AppModel.php mishandles filters.
CVE-2023-48656	2023-11-17	2023-11-22	9.8	0.08%			An issue was discovered in MISP before 2.4.176. app/Model/AppModel.php mishandles order clauses.
CVE-2023-48655	2023-11-17	2023-11-22	9.8	0.08%			An issue was discovered in MISP before 2.4.176. app/Controller/Component/IndexFilterComponent.php does not properly filter out query parameters.
CVE-2023-48648	2023-11-17	2023-11-22	9.8	0.07%			Concrete CMS before 8.5.13 and 9.x before 9.2.2 allows unauthorized access because directories can be created with insecure permissions. File creation functions (such as the Mkdir() function) gives universal access (0777) to created folders by default. Excessive permissions can be granted when creating a directory with permissions greater than 0755 or when the permissions argument is not specified.
CVE-2023-48365	2023-11-15	2023-11-16	9.6	0.05%			Qlik Sense Enterprise for Windows before August 2023 Patch 2 allows unauthenticated remote code execution, aka QB-21683. Due to improper validation of HTTP headers, a remote attacker is able to elevate their privilege by tunneling HTTP requests, allowing them to execute HTTP requests on the backend server that hosts the repository application. The fixed versions are August 2023 Patch 2, May 2023 Patch 6, February 2023 Patch 10, November 2022 Patch 12, August 2022 Patch 14, May 2022 Patch 16, February 2022 Patch 15, and November 2021 Patch 17. NOTE: this issue exists because of an incomplete fix for CVE-2023-41265.
CVE-2023-48312	2023-11-24	2023-11-27	9.8	0.04%			capsule-proxy is a reverse proxy for the capsule operator project. Affected versions are subject to a privilege escalation vulnerability which is based on a missing check if the user is authenticated based on the `TokenReview` result. All the clusters running with the `anonymous-auth` Kubernetes API Server setting disable (set to `false`) are affected since it would be possible to bypass the token review mechanism, interacting with the upper Kubernetes API Server. This privilege escalation cannot be exploited if you're relying only on client certificates (SSL/TLS). This vulnerability has been addressed in version 0.4.6. Users are advised to upgrade.
CVE-2023-48310	2023-11-20	2023-11-21	9.1	0.05%			TestingPlatform is a testing platform for Internet Security Standards. Prior to version 2.1.1, user input is not filtered correctly. Nmap options are accepted. In this particular case, the option to create log files is accepted in addition to a host name (and even without). A log file is created at the location specified. These files are created as root. If the file exists, the existing file is being rendered useless. This can result in denial of service. Additionally, input for scanning can be any CIDR blocks passed to nmap. An attacker can scan 0.0.0.0/0 or even local networks. Version 2.1.1 contains a patch for this issue.
CVE-2023-48292	2023-11-20	2023-11-20	9.6	0.05%			The XWiki Admin Tools Application provides tools to help the administration of XWiki. Starting in version 4.4 and prior to version 4.5.1, a cross site request forgery vulnerability in the admin tool for executing shell commands on the server allows an attacker to execute arbitrary shell commands by tricking an admin into loading the URL with the shell command. A very simple possibility for an attack are comments. When the attacker can leave a comment on any page in the wiki it is sufficient to include an image with an URL like  `/xwiki/bin/view/Admin/RunShellCommand?command=touch%20/tmp/attacked` in the comment. When an admin views the comment, the file `/tmp/attacked` will be created on the server. The output of the command is also vulnerable to XWiki syntax injection which offers a simple way to execute Groovy in the context of the XWiki installation and thus an even easier way to compromise the integrity and confidentiality of the whole XWiki installation. This has been patched by adding a form token check in version 4.5.1 of the admin tools. Some workarounds are available. The patch can be applied manually to the affected wiki pages. Alternatively, the document `Admin.RunShellCommand` can also be deleted if the possibility to run shell commands isn't needed.
CVE-2023-48240	2023-11-20	2023-11-20	9.0	0.06%			XWiki Platform is a generic wiki platform. The rendered diff in XWiki embeds images to be able to compare the contents and not display a difference for an actually unchanged image. For this, XWiki requests all embedded images on the server side. These requests are also sent for images from other domains and include all cookies that were sent in the original request to ensure that images with restricted view right can be compared. Starting in version 11.10.1 and prior to versions 14.10.15, 15.5.1, and 15.6, this allows an attacker to steal login and session cookies that allow impersonating the current user who views the diff. The attack can be triggered with an image that references the rendered diff, thus making it easy to trigger. Apart from stealing login cookies, this also allows server-side request forgery (the result of any successful request is returned in the image's source) and viewing protected content as once a resource is cached, it is returned for all users. As only successful requests are cached, the cache will be filled by the first user who is allowed to access the resource. This has been patched in XWiki 14.10.15, 15.5.1 and 15.6. The rendered diff now only downloads images from trusted domains. Further, cookies are only sent when the image's domain is the same the requested domain. The cache has been changed to be specific for each user. As a workaround, the image embedding feature can be disabled by deleting `xwiki-platform-diff-xml-<version>.jar` in `WEB-INF/lib/`.
CVE-2023-48230	2023-11-21	2023-11-29	9.8	0.06%			Cap'n Proto is a data interchange format and capability-based RPC system. In versions 1.0 and 1.0.1, when using the KJ HTTP library with WebSocket compression enabled, a buffer underrun can be caused by a remote peer. The underrun always writes a constant value that is not attacker-controlled, likely resulting in a crash, enabling a remote denial-of-service attack. Most Cap'n Proto and KJ users are unlikely to have this functionality enabled and so unlikely to be affected. Maintainers suspect only the Cloudflare Workers Runtime is affected.\n\nIf KJ HTTP is used with WebSocket compression enabled, a malicious peer may be able to cause a buffer underrun on a heap-allocated buffer. KJ HTTP is an optional library bundled with Cap'n Proto, but is not directly used by Cap'n Proto. WebSocket compression is disabled by default. It must be enabled via a setting passed to the KJ HTTP library via `HttpClientSettings` or `HttpServerSettings`. The bytes written out-of-bounds are always a specific constant 4-byte string `{ 0x00, 0x00, 0xFF, 0xFF }`. Because this string is not controlled by the attacker, maintainers believe it is unlikely that remote code execution is possible. However, it cannot be ruled out. This functionality first appeared in Cap'n Proto 1.0. Previous versions are not affected.\n\nThis issue is fixed in Cap'n Proto 1.0.1.1.
CVE-2023-48228	2023-11-21	2023-11-29	9.8	0.04%			authentik is an open-source identity provider. When initialising a oauth2 flow with a `code_challenge` and `code_method` (thus requesting PKCE), the single sign-on provider (authentik) must check if there is a matching and existing `code_verifier` during the token step. Prior to versions 2023.10.4 and 2023.8.5, authentik checks if the contents of `code_verifier` is matching only when it is provided. When it is left out completely, authentik simply accepts the token request with out it; even when the flow was started with a `code_challenge`. authentik 2023.8.5 and 2023.10.4 fix this issue.
CVE-2023-48224	2023-11-15	2023-11-22	9.1	0.09%			Fides is an open-source privacy engineering platform for managing the fulfillment of data privacy requests in a runtime environment, and the enforcement of privacy regulations in code. The Fides Privacy Center allows data subject users to submit privacy and consent requests to data controller users of the Fides web application. Privacy requests allow data subjects to submit a request to access all person data held by the data controller, or delete/erase it.  Consent request allows data subject users to modify their privacy preferences for how the data controller uses their personal data e.g. data sales and sharing consent opt-in/opt-out. If `subject_identity_verification_required` in the `[execution]` section of `fides.toml` or the env var `FIDES__EXECUTION__SUBJECT_IDENTITY_VERIFICATION_REQUIRED` is set to `True` on the fides webserver backend, data subjects are sent a one-time code to their email address or phone number, depending on messaging configuration, and the one-time code must be entered in the Privacy Center UI by the data subject before the privacy or consent request is submitted. It was identified that the one-time code values for these requests were generated by the python `random` module, a cryptographically weak pseduo-random number generator (PNRG). If an attacker generates several hundred consecutive one-time codes, this vulnerability allows the attacker to predict all future one-time code values during the lifetime of the backend python process. There is no security impact on data access requests as the personal data download package is not shared in the Privacy Center itself. However, this vulnerability allows an attacker to (i) submit a verified data erasure request, resulting in deletion of data for the targeted user and (ii) submit a verified consent request, modifying a user's privacy preferences. The vulnerability has been patched in Fides version `2.24.0`. Users are advised to upgrade to this version or later to secure their systems against this threat. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
CVE-2023-48188	2023-11-27	2023-11-28	9.8	0.05%			SQL injection vulnerability in PrestaShop opartdevis v.4.5.18 thru v.4.6.12 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted script to the getModuleTranslation function.
CVE-2023-48078	2023-11-17	2023-11-25	9.8	0.08%			SQL Injection vulnerability in add.php in Simple CRUD Functionality v1.0 allows attackers to run arbitrary SQL commands via the 'title' parameter.
CVE-2023-48031	2023-11-17	2023-11-25	9.8	0.12%			OpenSupports v4.11.0 is vulnerable to Unrestricted Upload of File with Dangerous Type. In the comment function, an attacker can bypass security restrictions and upload a .bat file by manipulating the file's magic bytes to masquerade as an allowed type. This can enable the attacker to execute arbitrary code or establish a reverse shell, leading to unauthorized file writes or control over the victim's station via a crafted file upload operation.
CVE-2023-48028	2023-11-18	2023-11-25	9.8	0.11%			kodbox 1.46.01 has a security flaw that enables user enumeration. This problem is present on the login page, where an attacker can identify valid users based on varying response messages, potentially paving the way for a brute force attack.
CVE-2023-47800	2023-11-10	2023-11-23	9.8	0.32%			Natus NeuroWorks and SleepWorks before 8.4 GMA3 utilize a default password of xltek for the Microsoft SQL Server service sa account, allowing a threat actor to perform remote code execution, data exfiltration, or other nefarious actions such as tampering with data or destroying/disrupting MSSQL services.
CVE-2023-47797	2023-11-17	2023-11-23	9.6	0.06%			Reflected cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability on a content page’s edit page in Liferay Portal 7.4.3.94 through 7.4.3.95 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the `p_l_back_url_title` parameter.
CVE-2023-47678	2023-11-15	2023-11-21	9.1	0.07%			An improper access control vulnerability exists in RT-AC87U all versions. An attacker may read or write files that are not intended to be accessed by connecting to a target device via tftp.
CVE-2023-47610	2023-11-09	2023-11-16	9.8	0.23%			A CWE-120: Buffer Copy without Checking Size of Input vulnerability exists in Telit Cinterion BGS5, Telit Cinterion EHS5/6/8, Telit Cinterion PDS5/6/8, Telit Cinterion ELS61/81, Telit Cinterion PLS62 that could allow a remote unauthenticated attacker to execute arbitrary code on the targeted system by sending a specially crafted SMS message.
CVE-2023-47456	2023-11-07	2023-11-14	9.1	0.05%			Tenda AX1806 V1.0.0.1 contains a stack overflow vulnerability in function sub_455D4, called by function fromSetWirelessRepeat.


CVE	Published	Last Update	Max CVSS Base Score	EPSS Score	CISA KEV Added	Public Exploit Exists	Summary
CVE-2023-47455	2023-11-07	2023-11-14	9.1	0.05%			Tenda AX1806 V1.0.0.1 contains a heap overflow vulnerability in setSchedWifi function, in which the src and v12 are directly obtained from http request parameter schedStartTime and schedEndTime without checking their size.
CVE-2023-47445	2023-11-15	2023-11-20	9.8	0.08%			Pre-School Enrollment version 1.0 is vulnerable to SQL Injection via the username parameter in preschool/admin/ page.
CVE-2023-47397	2023-11-08	2023-11-15	9.8	0.13%			WeBid <=1.2.2 is vulnerable to code injection via admin/categoriestrans.php.
CVE-2023-47359	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.09%			Videolan VLC prior to version 3.0.20 contains an incorrect offset read that leads to a Heap-Based Buffer Overflow in function GetPacket() and results in a memory corruption.
CVE-2023-47308	2023-11-15	2023-11-21	9.8	0.08%			In the module "Newsletter Popup PRO with Voucher/Coupon code" (newsletterpop) before version 2.6.1 from Active Design for PrestaShop, a guest can perform SQL injection in affected versions. The method `NewsletterpopsendVerificationModuleFrontController::checkEmailSubscription()` has sensitive SQL calls that can be executed with a trivial http call and exploited to forge a SQL injection.
CVE-2023-47253	2023-11-06	2023-11-14	9.8	0.43%			Qualitor through 8.20 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via PHP code in the html/ad/adpesquisasql/request/processVariavel.php gridValoresPopHidden parameter.
CVE-2023-47248	2023-11-09	2023-11-29	9.8	0.28%			Deserialization of untrusted data in IPC and Parquet readers in PyArrow versions 0.14.0 to 14.0.0 allows arbitrary code execution. An application is vulnerable if it reads Arrow IPC, Feather or Parquet data from untrusted sources (for example user-supplied input files).\n\nThis vulnerability only affects PyArrow, not other Apache Arrow implementations or bindings.\n\nIt is recommended that users of PyArrow upgrade to 14.0.1. Similarly, it is recommended that downstream libraries upgrade their dependency requirements to PyArrow 14.0.1 or later. PyPI packages are already available, and we hope that conda-forge packages will be available soon.\n\nIf it is not possible to upgrade, we provide a separate package `pyarrow-hotfix` that disables the vulnerability on older PyArrow versions. See  https://pypi.org/project/pyarrow-hotfix/  for instructions.
CVE-2023-47246	2023-11-10	2023-11-13	9.8	66.80%	2023-11-13		In SysAid On-Premise before 23.3.36, a path traversal vulnerability leads to code execution after an attacker writes a file to the Tomcat webroot, as exploited in the wild in November 2023.
CVE-2023-47204	2023-11-02	2023-11-09	9.8	0.07%			Unsafe YAML deserialization in yaml.Loader in transmute-core before 1.13.5 allows attackers to execute arbitrary Python code.
CVE-2023-47130	2023-11-14	2023-11-20	9.8	0.38%			Yii is an open source PHP web framework. yiisoft/yii before version 1.1.29 are vulnerable to Remote Code Execution (RCE) if the application calls `unserialize()` on arbitrary user input. An attacker may leverage this vulnerability to compromise the host system. A fix has been developed for the 1.1.29 release. Users are advised to upgrade. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
CVE-2023-47129	2023-11-10	2023-11-17	9.8	0.07%			Statmic is a core Laravel content management system Composer package. Prior to versions 3.4.13 and 4.33.0, on front-end forms with an asset upload field, PHP files crafted to look like images may be uploaded. This only affects forms using the "Forms" feature and not just _any_ arbitrary form. This does not affect the control panel. This issue has been patched in 3.4.13 and 4.33.0.
CVE-2023-47128	2023-11-10	2023-11-20	9.1	0.08%			Piccolo is an object-relational mapping and query builder which supports asyncio. Prior to version 1.1.1, the handling of named transaction `savepoints` in all database implementations is vulnerable to SQL Injection via f-strings. While the likelihood of an end developer exposing a `savepoints` `name` parameter to a user is highly unlikely, it would not be unheard of. If a malicious user was able to abuse this functionality they would have essentially direct access to the database and the ability to modify data to the level of permissions associated with the database user. A non exhaustive list of actions possible based on database permissions is: Read all data stored in the database, including usernames and password hashes; insert arbitrary data into the database, including modifying existing records; and gain a shell on the underlying server. Version 1.1.1 fixes this issue.
CVE-2023-47121	2023-11-10	2023-11-17	9.8	0.07%			Discourse is an open source platform for community discussion. Prior to version 3.1.3 of the `stable` branch and version 3.2.0.beta3 of the `beta` and `tests-passed` branches, the embedding feature is susceptible to server side request forgery. The issue is patched in version 3.1.3 of the `stable` branch and version 3.2.0.beta3 of the `beta` and `tests-passed` branches. As a workaround, disable the Embedding feature.
CVE-2023-47110	2023-11-09	2023-11-15	9.1	0.05%			blockreassurance adds an information block aimed at offering helpful information to reassure customers that their store is trustworthy. An ajax function in module blockreassurance allows modifying any value in the configuration table. This vulnerability has been patched in version 5.1.4.
CVE-2023-47008	2023-11-09	2023-11-15	9.8	0.55%			An issue in ASUS RT-AX57 v.3.0.0.4_386_52041 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted request to the ifname field in the sub_4CCE4 function.
CVE-2023-47007	2023-11-09	2023-11-15	9.8	0.55%			An issue in ASUS RT-AX57 v.3.0.0.4_386_52041 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted request to the lan_ifname field in the sub_391B8 function.
CVE-2023-47006	2023-11-09	2023-11-15	9.8	0.47%			An issue in ASUS RT-AX57 v.3.0.0.4_386_52041 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted request to the lan_ipaddr field in the sub_6FC74 function.
CVE-2023-47005	2023-11-09	2023-11-15	9.8	0.55%			An issue in ASUS RT-AX57 v.3.0.0.4_386_52041 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted request to the lan_ifname field in the sub_ln 2C318 function.
CVE-2023-47003	2023-11-16	2023-11-21	9.8	0.14%			An issue in RedisGraph v.2.12.10 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code and cause a denial of service via a crafted string in DataBlock_ItemIsDeleted.
CVE-2023-46990	2023-11-20	2023-11-28	9.8	0.05%			Deserialization of Untrusted Data in PublicCMS v.4.0.202302.e allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted script to the writeReplace function.
CVE-2023-46981	2023-11-05	2023-11-13	9.8	0.09%			SQL injection vulnerability in Novel-Plus v.4.2.0 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted script to the sort parameter in /common/log/list.
CVE-2023-46980	2023-11-03	2023-11-14	9.8	0.35%			An issue in Best Courier Management System v.1.0 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code and escalate privileges via a crafted script to the userID parameter.
CVE-2023-46958	2023-11-02	2023-11-09	9.8	0.29%			An issue in lmxcms v.1.41 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a crafted script to the admin.php file.
CVE-2023-46954	2023-11-03	2023-11-09	9.8	0.09%			SQL Injection vulnerability in Relativity ODA LLC RelativityOne v.12.1.537.3 Patch 2 and earlier allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via the name parameter.
CVE-2023-46850	2023-11-11	2023-11-29	9.8	0.07%			Use after free in OpenVPN version 2.6.0 to 2.6.6 may lead to undefined behavoir, leaking memory buffers or remote execution when sending network buffers to a remote peer.


CVE	Published	Last Update	Max CVSS Base Score	EPSS Score	CISA KEV Added	Public Exploit Exists	Summary
CVE-2023-46846	2023-11-03	2023-11-14	9.3	1.00%			SQUID is vulnerable to HTTP request smuggling, caused by chunked decoder lenience, allows a remote attacker to perform Request/Response smuggling past firewall and frontend security systems.
CVE-2023-46817	2023-11-03	2023-11-13	9.8	0.39%			An issue was discovered in phpFox before 4.8.14. The url request parameter passed to the /core/redirect route is not properly sanitized before being used in a call to the unserialize() PHP function. This can be exploited by remote, unauthenticated attackers to inject arbitrary PHP objects into the application scope, allowing them to perform a variety of attacks, such as executing arbitrary PHP code.
CVE-2023-46800	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'id' parameter of the view_profile.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46799	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'year' parameter in the 'register()' function of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46798	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.10%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'pass' parameter in the 'register()' function of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46797	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'name' parameter in the 'register()' function of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46796	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'month' parameter in the 'register()' function of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46795	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'gender' parameter in the 'register()' function of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46794	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'email' parameter in the 'register()' function of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46793	2023-11-07	2023-11-08	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'day' parameter in the 'register()' function of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46792	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'filename' attribute of the 'pic4' multipart parameter of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46790	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'filename' attribute of the 'pic2' multipart parameter of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46789	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'filename' attribute of the 'pic1' multipart parameter of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46788	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'id' parameter in the 'uploadphoto()' function of the functions.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46787	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'username' parameter of the auth/auth.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46786	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'password' parameter of the auth/auth.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46785	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.10%			Online Matrimonial Project v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'id' parameter of the partner_preference.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46732	2023-11-06	2023-11-14	9.6	0.13%			XWiki Platform is a generic wiki platform offering runtime services for applications built on top of it. XWiki is vulnerable to reflected cross-site scripting (RXSS) via the `rev` parameter that is used in the content of the content menu without escaping. If an attacker can convince a user to visit a link with a crafted parameter, this allows the attacker to execute arbitrary actions in the name of the user, including remote code (Groovy) execution in the case of a user with programming right, compromising the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the whole XWiki installation. This has been patched in XWiki 15.6 RC1, 15.5.1 and 14.10.14. The patch in commit `04e325d57` can be manually applied without upgrading (or restarting) the instance. Users are advised to upgrade or to manually apply the patch. There are no known workarounds for this vulnerability.
CVE-2023-46731	2023-11-06	2023-11-14	10.0	0.15%			XWiki Platform is a generic wiki platform offering runtime services for applications built on top of it. XWiki doesn't properly escape the section URL parameter that is used in the code for displaying administration sections. This allows any user with read access to the document `XWiki.AdminSheet` (by default, everyone including unauthenticated users) to execute code including Groovy code. This impacts the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the whole XWiki instance. This vulnerability has been patched in XWiki 14.10.14, 15.6 RC1 and 15.5.1. Users are advised to upgrade. Users unablr to upgrade may apply the fix in commit `fec8e0e53f9` manually. Alternatively, to protect against attacks from unauthenticated users, view right for guests can be removed from this document (it is only needed for space and wiki admins).
CVE-2023-46729	2023-11-10	2023-11-16	9.3	0.05%			sentry-javascript provides Sentry SDKs for JavaScript. An unsanitized input of Next.js SDK tunnel endpoint allows sending HTTP requests to arbitrary URLs and reflecting the response back to the user. This issue only affects users who have Next.js SDK tunneling feature enabled. The problem has been fixed in version 7.77.0.
CVE-2023-46700	2023-11-20	2023-11-25	9.8	0.05%			SQL injection vulnerability in LuxCal Web Calendar prior to 5.2.4M (MySQL version) and LuxCal Web Calendar prior to 5.2.4L (SQLite version) allows a remote unauthenticated attacker to execute an arbitrary SQL command by sending a crafted request, and obtain or alter information stored in the database.
CVE-2023-46680	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.10%			Online Job Portal v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'txt_password' parameter of the index.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46679	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Job Portal v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'txt_uname_email' parameter of the index.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46678	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Job Portal v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'txt_upass' parameter of the sign-up.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
CVE-2023-46677	2023-11-07	2023-11-13	9.8	0.04%			Online Job Portal v1.0 is vulnerable to multiple Unauthenticated SQL Injection vulnerabilities. The 'txt_uname' parameter of the sign-up.php resource does not validate the characters received and they are sent unfiltered to the database.
