#CVE-2023-3519: CISA released an update warning network defenders about threat actors exploiting this CVE.

#CVE-2023-41256: This is a critical vulnerability that allows arbitrary code execution in multiple Apple products.

#CVE-2023-2163: This CVE needs triage for Ubuntu 18.04 ELS.

#CVE-2023-0179: This is a buffer overflow vulnerability in the Linux Kernel's Netfilter subsystem.

#CVE-2023-4528: This Java deserialization vulnerability affects all versions of JSCAPE MFT Server prior to 2023.1.9.

#CVE-2023-40306: This vulnerability was presented on September 9, 2023.

#FEDORA-2023-129178fd27: This is a security fix for CVE-2022-45061.

### CVE	Published	Last Update	Max CVSS Base Score	EPSS Score	CISA KEV Added	Public Exploit Exists	Summary

#CVE-2023-4852	2023-09-09	2023-09-09	6.5				A vulnerability was found in IBOS OA 4.5.5 and classified as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file ?r=dashboard/database/optimize. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239261 was assigned to this vulnerability.

#CVE-2023-4851	2023-09-09	2023-09-09	6.5				A vulnerability has been found in IBOS OA 4.5.5 and classified as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file ?r=dashboard/position/edit&op=member. The manipulation leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239260.

#CVE-2023-4850	2023-09-09	2023-09-09	6.5				A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, was found in IBOS OA 4.5.5. This affects an unknown part of the file ?r=dashboard/position/del. The manipulation leads to sql injection. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239259.

#CVE-2023-4849	2023-09-09	2023-09-09	6.5				A vulnerability, which was classified as critical, has been found in IBOS OA 4.5.5. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file ?r=file/dashboard/trash&op=del. The manipulation of the argument fids leads to sql injection. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239258 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.

#CVE-2023-4848	2023-09-09	2023-09-09	6.5				A vulnerability classified as critical was found in SourceCodester Simple Book Catalog App 1.0. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file delete_book.php. The manipulation of the argument delete leads to sql injection. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239257 was assigned to this vulnerability.

#CVE-2023-4847	2023-09-09	2023-09-09	4.0				A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Simple Book Catalog App 1.0. Affected is an unknown function of the component Update Book Form. The manipulation of the argument book_title/book_author leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239256.

#CVE-2023-4846	2023-09-09	2023-09-09	6.5				A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Membership System 1.0. It has been rated as critical. This issue affects some unknown processing of the file delete_member.php. The manipulation of the argument mem_id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239255.

#CVE-2023-4845	2023-09-09	2023-09-09	6.5				A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Simple Membership System 1.0. It has been declared as critical. This vulnerability affects unknown code of the file account_edit_query.php. The manipulation of the argument admin_id leads to sql injection. The attack can be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239254 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.

#CVE-2023-4838	2023-09-09	2023-09-09	6.4				The Simple Download Counter plugin for WordPress is vulnerable to Stored Cross-Site Scripting via the plugin's shortcodes in versions up to, and including, 1.6 due to insufficient input sanitization and output escaping on user supplied attributes like 'before' and 'after'. This makes it possible for authenticated attackers, with contributor-level permissions and above, to inject arbitrary web scripts in pages that will execute whenever a user accesses an injected page.
