### CVE	Published	Last Update	Max CVSS Base Score	EPSS Score	CISA KEV Added	Public Exploit Exists	Summary

#CVE-2023-4877	2023-09-10	2023-09-10	5.5				Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor in GitHub repository hamza417/inure prior to build92.

#CVE-2023-4876	2023-09-10	2023-09-10	7.9				Exposure of Sensitive Information to an Unauthorized Actor in GitHub repository hamza417/inure prior to build92.

#CVE-2023-4870	2023-09-10	2023-09-10	4.0				A vulnerability classified as problematic has been found in SourceCodester Contact Manager App 1.0. This affects an unknown part of the file index.php of the component Contact Information Handler. The manipulation of the argument contactID with the input "><sCrIpT>alert(1)</ScRiPt> leads to cross site scripting. It is possible to initiate the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239355.

#CVE-2023-4869	2023-09-10	2023-09-10	5.0				A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Contact Manager App 1.0. It has been rated as problematic. Affected by this issue is some unknown functionality of the file update.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack may be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. VDB-239354 is the identifier assigned to this vulnerability.

#CVE-2023-4868	2023-09-10	2023-09-10	5.0				A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Contact Manager App 1.0. It has been declared as problematic. Affected by this vulnerability is an unknown functionality of the file add.php. The manipulation leads to cross-site request forgery. The attack can be launched remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier VDB-239353 was assigned to this vulnerability.

#CVE-2023-4867	2023-09-10	2023-09-10	6.5				A vulnerability was found in Xintian Smart Table Integrated Management System 5.6.9. It has been classified as critical. Affected is an unknown function of the file /SysManage/AddUpdateSites.aspx of the component Added Site Page. The manipulation of the argument TbxSiteName leads to sql injection. It is possible to launch the attack remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239352.

#CVE-2023-4866	2023-09-10	2023-09-10	6.5				A vulnerability was found in SourceCodester Online Tours & Travels Management System 1.0 and classified as critical. This issue affects the function exec of the file booking.php. The manipulation of the argument id leads to sql injection. The attack may be initiated remotely. The exploit has been disclosed to the public and may be used. The associated identifier of this vulnerability is VDB-239351.
